Yann Sommer is a bank playing
constant high level
sure the wednesday his club the
move into the champions league playoffs
For the first time we see in the
championship an egyptian mohammed sala
the at the olympic play with three
The fc thun has stepped forward
Confident in the beginning
start lets greet
yann has to be summer after 90 seconds
first intervene after this shot
from mohamed the fc basel comes slowly
on tours
that is he gives the sala stocker sets
after his likewise and goalie faivre
Faltin there is a penalty in eight minutes
with the first action sets the egyptian
accents
the penalty decision was clear and unequivocal
marco streller runs to 1 0 by the
captain be 100 duty play goal for the
FC Basel
there is a lot of pressure on the right side
stocker missed that so has the 2 2
on the foot
like the fcb dragovic with the long ball
on the fast sala boni federer
But what does he do since he takes
Just put the ball in your hand outside
of the sixteen he is already warned
now he has to figure out why he is the only one who is headed
do not just take the ball away
the number two must be there wittmoser
last year still goalie from thun u21
assistant coach mauro lustrinelli gives
give him the necessary tips for his first
super league use
all advantages are now with the fcb against
and sala play through against lays
back to streller after half
hour leads basel 20
mohammed sala is on all actions
involved marco streller
double scorer
then there is free kick for doing too much
about it too schirinzi and most urgent
ball 35 minute only 2 1 left for basel
the basler are not on this variant
prepared to do the tenth succeed
hit the score but basel plays
next time and again salad cabbage
sat Steinhöfer had an adjuster
stocker 3 to 1 the fcb in play and
goalscoring
sala an eye candy steinhöfer with the
good franke and almost had streller
his third goal scored so benefited
just valentine stocker the injured alex
free in the break conversation with Bernard
challandes alex freis team makes
Immediately press again
Mohammed Sala is really one
invigorating new element though
Remarkable also how to continue doing well
playing dennis hediger sets the ball
to the pale cross
there would be nothing to get for yann summer
been
basel does not play much anymore
punchy
there are not too many
chances
another is here with a long ball
on marco streller